ToDo List
*********

Todo: check if dependencies are correct with dependencies.txt

(The *original entry* is located in
/Users/nicoeinsidler/Code/pigor/doc/index.rst, line 55.)

Todo: Method attributes are shown, but value is always None.

(The *original entry* is located in
/Users/nicoeinsidler/Code/pigor/doc/measurement.rst, line 62.)

Todo: Is type_of_fit really needed?

(The *original entry* is located in
/Users/nicoeinsidler/Code/pigor/measurement.py:docstring of
measurement.Measurement.__init__, line 23.)

Todo: When calculation of contrast fails, what should this function
return? Now it returns [0].

(The *original entry* is located in
/Users/nicoeinsidler/Code/pigor/measurement.py:docstring of
measurement.Measurement.contrast, line 12.)

Todo: Evaluate if this method (measurement_type()) is needed at all.

(The *original entry* is located in
/Users/nicoeinsidler/Code/pigor/measurement.py:docstring of
measurement.Measurement.measurement_type, line 9.)

Todo: Set better default value for measurement type.

(The *original entry* is located in
/Users/nicoeinsidler/Code/pigor/measurement.py:docstring of
measurement.Measurement.measurement_type, line 10.)

Todo: Make x and y labels more general, especially for interferometer
files, where more that one y value list is needed.

(The *original entry* is located in
/Users/nicoeinsidler/Code/pigor/measurement.py:docstring of
measurement.Measurement.plot, line 12.)

Todo: When searching for a position file, the lenght of the file
should match. So it should be 1/4 of the size of the original
measurement file.

(The *original entry* is located in
/Users/nicoeinsidler/Code/pigor/measurement.py:docstring of
measurement.Measurement.read_pos_file, line 3.)

Todo: Change to no override mode.
measurement.Measurement.plot(override=False)

(The *original entry* is located in
/Users/nicoeinsidler/Code/pigor/pigor.py:docstring of
pigor.analyse_files, line 6.)

Todo: a + today => only analyse files for today

(The *original entry* is located in
/Users/nicoeinsidler/Code/pigor/pigor.py:docstring of
pigor.analyse_files, line 7.)

Todo: a + override => override=True

(The *original entry* is located in
/Users/nicoeinsidler/Code/pigor/pigor.py:docstring of
pigor.analyse_files, line 8.)

Todo: Cover the case when files are not a list of path, e.g. wrong
input given.

(The *original entry* is located in
/Users/nicoeinsidler/Code/pigor/pigor.py:docstring of
pigor.remove_generated_files, line 5.)
